~the town hall sepiarc on Sunday afternoon. ,n tae w<w,<^ w>th the children on this af the National Policy, but on account of the 011 11C lat*	Ke
~Mr. George McLellan, of Litchfield, lost his stable by tile on Monday of last week. Luckily the wind was blowing from a favorable quarter, otherw ise all his buildings would have been destroyed.
~GENT for t he Credit Fonder Franco Can adieu Money lo lend on * any (erin*. Will be In Shaw ville every Monday Tuesday and Wednesday.
~Visit Slmwvllle every Monday,
~sum of the haWas corpus was also beaten by 1 The vounoil adjourned till the next day, (u their sovereign and to the land of their a very trifling majority. Willoocks, Mal* | the 4th August , for clelilieration, and then (W]0ption for a small fraction of strangers to lory ami Marclo were all members of this | unanimously expressed the opinon that, |)V a^je seriously endanger the national
~A scheme for a Sunday theatre is being promoted in Loudon and is expected to succeed.
~A youth named Gar nor died on Saturday in Stockport Infirmary front injuries received in a football match.
~On the railway works near Killy begs, County Donegal, on Saturday, a 
dynamite charge suddenly exploded, killing a labourer named M. David and injuring several others.
~A Lowestoft shrimp boat shipped a sea when crossing Holm Sand on Tuesday afternoon and was swamped named Smitn
~The Russian ship Vilrlin was wrecked off the Lincolnshire coast on Tuesday night. The masts were cut away, and the crew were rescued hy tho lifeboat on Wednesday.
~In the tho census at Camberwell Workhouse, Loudon, on Monday, Dolly Thomson was returned at 104 years of age. hi the same institution several of the inmates were stated to bo 09, 98, 97, and 93 years of nge.
~The German Emperor has ordered that a list of officers who took pai t in the military races Sunday be presented to him. He is very indignant over the matter.
~Owing to whooping-cough, James Davis, a potman, of Randolph Street, Camden Town, London, lost three children in one day. They were all little girls. It transpired that nine persons occupied one room, which the coroner thought was rather close.
~At Castle Eden, Durham, Police Court, on Saturday, six miners were committed to prison for fourteen days each in default of damages and costs adjudged against or stopping Thornley Colliery on the of the Silks worth evictions. Seventy more men refused to pay has been started to support the families of the imprisoned men.
~A Bolton mill girl named Elizabeth Ellen Monks committed suicide on Monday night by drowning herself in a mill reservoir near her home and the l>ody was fished out yesterday morning by the police. In her pocket was a letter addressed to her parents, and couched in a very religious strain. She said she had been driven to suicide by bad work, and that she had dreamed she would drown herself. She was only 17 veass of age.
~arrangements, and all other particulars, is 1 ,1 qtam pq /	R U R NI r ,thc ^^Itutionon Wednesday, the 17th day ok
~o time thought they cvu.a n<*t Ottawa tu day, and the chat ce to snap i v >te was eagerly seized upon. But tin heme ended in disappointment. Tht-U rushed a special through ni. f.i't time, the members came in dutiiq the ft'ieiiooii, end Mr. Lautier dared 11 i a division on a square Issue; hut tin
~First day of May, nezt,
~son and surrounding country that ho will, on the first day of May, open a first-class Cash
~Recently acquired by Goo. Ilalliday, is now in full blast.
~Teachers will pleaso state nee, success In tea< hlng, cIhkm and date of diploma, aud tin* lowest figure ol veariy eulary expected. Ap 1 lestions received up till Saturday 27th une.
~without another word I thrust my arm moved uneasily from side to side, seeking	went and lived night and day in the fever-
~appointed ; a sense of injury 1 toll 1 was being un justly dealt with ; and I went about all that day nursing my indignation.
~I love to talk and talk all through Tho whole sunshiny day ;
~The loneliest man in Europe is Herr Peter Lcelmer,who is connected with the Weather-Bureau service, and is stationed on the top of the Suhonnblick Mountains, in the Austrian Alps. There be lives month in and mo.itli out, engaged in noting the meteorological changes in the highest station in Europe. It is the custom of the villagers on Christmas day to cut their way through the enow-clad; valley and up the mountain, carrying presents to the lotivly observer. This is the only time throughout the year that Peter Lcchncr secs a human face.
~Comfort in summer depends almost as much on the food and drink that are taken into the system as on t he clothing. If a mn ia careful about his diet, in particular about what he drinks, he may be reasonably comfortable in summer, though he sits around all day with a silk hat, a tight-fitting collar, anil frock coat. The unpleasant sensations of a hot day come as well front inside the body ns outside. The feeling of parching thirst in the throat is more uncomfortable than the direct rays of the sun. The feeling that a man has eaten something th.it does not agree with him, or has had too many cold drinks, causes greater discomfort than torrents of perspiration. To be conifortab e there must be an equilibrium between the interior apparatus of the body and the external conditions and oircnmitam c. No man who eats and drinks carelessly on a hot day will have this comfortable poise.
~gallons of hot water, and 4 lbs. of sal soda in other six gallons of hot water, and stir well on pouring them together. In a day or so pour off the liquid, add water and stir pour off again in another day, and the sediment will be carbonate of copper.
~The European Anarchists are busy inak-iug preparations for their May-day meetings, and arc distributing fiery circular* in Paris, Vienna, and Madrid. All outdoor demonstrations will be prohibited
~till the Mime hour on the following day. My advisers, availing themselves of op doubt there will bn a renewal of this sort It is staled that neve r since Coiifodeiatmn	port unities which were presented in	the	,,f vvarfare duiing the Coining session, ami
Binary file 83471_1891-05-07.txt matches
